[CloudPC] Add ValidateBulkResize API and cloudPcResizeValidationResult enum (#20199)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/cloudPcResizeValidationResult.md

> ---

Reviewer: The filename must be in lowercase.

Reviewer: @SleepIsImportant, please review my comment above.

> title: "cloudPcResizeValidationResult resource type"

Reviewer 2: Please delete this file. It looks like instead of renaming it, a new file with an all lowercase file name was added to the PR.

> description: "Represents the validation result of single resized Cloud PC in bulk resize action."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the validation result of a single resized Cloud PC during the bulk-resize action ."
```

> author: "Aria Zhang (yuzhang3)"

Reviewer: Please use a valid Github alias.

ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-pc"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# cloudPcResizeValidationResult resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents the validation result of single Cloud PC in bulk resize action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the validation result of a single resized Cloud PC during the bulk-resize action .
```

> Represents the validation result of single resized Cloud PC in bulk resize action.

Reviewer 3: I believe when performing `validateBulkResize `API, this Cloud PC actually hasn't been resized at all, right? So the word "resized" is not so accurate.

```suggestion
Represents the validation result of single Cloud PC in bulk resize action.
```

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |cloudPcId|String|The id of [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) with the result refers to.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|cloudPcId|String|The [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) id that corresponds to its unique identifier.|
```

> |validationResult|[cloudPcResizeValidationCode](#cloudpcresizevalidationcode-values)|The validation result for the Cloud PC resize action.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|validationResult|[cloudPcResizeValidationCode](#cloudpcresizevalidationcode-values)|Describes  a list of the validation result for the Cloud PC resize action. Possible values are: ...|
```

### cloudPcResizeValidationCode values

> |Member|Value|Description|

Reviewer 3: Please remove the column "Value" from the table.

> |validationResult|[cloudPcResizeValidationCode](#cloudpcresizevalidationcode-values)|Describes a list of the validation result for the Cloud PC resize action. Possible values are: `success`, `cloudPcNotFound`, `operationCnflict`, `operationNotSupported`, `targetLicenseHasAssigned`, `internalServerError`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|validationResult|[cloudPcResizeValidationCode](#cloudpcresizevalidationcode-values)|Describes a list of the validation result for the Cloud PC resize action. The possible values are: `success`, `cloudPcNotFound`, `operationCnflict`, `operationNotSupported`, `targetLicenseHasAssigned`, `internalServerError`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
```

|:---|:---|

> |success|Indicates that resize validation is success.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|success|Indicates that the resize validation was successful.|
```

|cloudPcNotFound|Indicates that the Cloud PC is not found.|

> |operationConflict|Indicates that resize action has conflict with other action.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|operationConflict|Indicates that resize action has a conflict with other action.|
```

|operationNotSupported|Indicates that the resize action is not supported for the Cloud PC.|

> |targetLicenseHasAssigned|Indicates that the target license has already been assigned to the User.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|targetLicenseHasAssigned|Indicates that the target license has already been assigned to the user.|
```

> |internalServerError|Indicates that the validation is failed with internal server error.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|internalServerError|Indicates that the validation failed with an internal server error.|
```
